[Music]
a
rest the street
you've got to find a place in a heart
you know find it on your
[Music]
time for
you for the
world way
we our
hearts fall out a place with the life I
lived that's okay that's okay
[Music]
every knows
wewh
behind
[Music]
mine everything in my could be fixed but
time
[Music]
very good very good very
good what the [__]
ANTM no
way that's crazy
you don't get it you don't get into them
today hey
everyone Anthony Pantano here the
internet's busiest music nerd it's time
for a review of this new Violet Pony
album I'm Greek
flow this is the new fulllength LP from
singer songwriter
producer and pony Viet Pony I became a
aware of violet Pony's work uh way back
when Cy marks first released and there
are some things I liked about it and
some things that I didn't really like
about it but
um but let's just let's just say that
this helped her get on my radar but now
you know fast forward to 2025 and there
is this record called I'm Creek flow and
all the problems I had with cutie marks
you know um were all completely fixed in
this new Creek flow
record that's all that's all I can do
off the top of my head that's all I can
like improv I don't have a script or
anything that's all I can improv
um hey
everyone I'm
sick so today's
stream is
late and it's just going to be
low energy type
day you know today we're just hanging
out nothing
crazy
um I might I don't know what I'm going
to do I don't give a [__] we're just
hanging out
today we're not doing disco elium
because I don't think people are going
to show up for the stream CU it's so
such a weird time for it
but we'll do disco laia next stream
hopefully I'm Not Dead next time
but we can still find out if I know
Violet Pony music so let's
see
okay very
good oh that's
Polaroid
interesting what the [__]
is
that uh Harper
[Music]
no oh it's it's no matter
what okay that was
weird
thanks that's nice
I don't
know what the
[__] first thought is Convergence but
it's not
convergence oh it's I should have
guessed it's
um is it third Prince of oia or the
prince of O I think it's the third
Prince of oia oh
no of
oia okay
sure
whatever why did I press
skip okay well I could have gotten that
one it's avarest ephemeral
why did I press
skip God damn
it sure
dude you know what let's get a power
[Music]
cleanser this is for Paradise valy but
why can't I tell which one it
is is it just is it just brother are you
proud of
me okay
simple is that examining the after
thought
nice that one's lria no the question is
is it the Greek version or is it
just okay let's go get the Greek
version nice
how is anyone supposed to get that
unless they're
Greek I can spell I promise look at this
look at this guys do I know Violet Pony
music God I I [__] love this song I
just want you to notice me I [__]
love this
song Let's do one more
that's
uh dancing with the
devil to be honest I am my big my own
biggest fan like you got to think about
it this way if I'm like if I'm a
musician why would I make music that I
don't want to listen to hold up peep The
Last FM okay don't pay attention to that
that's that doesn't count
wait there we go see I'm My Own biggest
fan
okay
wait let's let's let's get to like the
good let's get
to don't worry about Taylor Swift let's
get to the there we go see I'm My Own
biggest fan I listen to my own
music just
uh
Christ give me more Violet Pony
please come on I'm okay well you know
what my number one artist on Last FM is
just me
so okay one
more
sorceress isric
oh my God glitter wow
okay no matter what
2019 nice okay
so I don't know what the [__] we're
going to do
today but
uh let's do
something do I
dare do I dare do the
gaming do I dare do the
gaming I got to add this get the the
monitor
up what am I doing I'm doing the there
we
go I
think
wait do the stream audio and
then there we go okay okay okay
okay now don't everyone don't everyone
dog pile me
okay wait
uh badie I don't know if you'll get the
audio on your end let me know if you
don't if you don't you'll just have to
hear it from the
from
the okay please don't
crash okay we're crashed
nice I've been
practicing okay we're good I've been
practicing don't everyone don't everyone
dog pile
me don't everyone pile me
okay I've been
practicing squid yeah squid games is in
[__] uh Call of Duty the thing about
this
though is this will be it'll be a lot
easier for me to read chat while I play
this game compared to like disco elium
so we can actually have a little heart
to heart you and I all 65 of
you so we can just we can just chill why
am I
that I'm supposed to be the funny why is
it always why do it keep making me go
squid
games [__] whatever okay I guess I'm
games someone asked for my load out the
what I'm doing right now is uh buy
winter zand on B camp for only
$5 uh this is the current load out also
we need to take we need to take this off
that was that was a failed experiment
sure why not is that five yeah they
should add a Pony character just for
Viet I don't think
so so we can get squid
games cuz uh exra I know you're in chat
too how who y'all listen to squid cuz
Squid's
crazy that's some my some of my favorite
stuff right now
I went into the record shop today and I
couldn't they they're all sold out of
squid no no squid no
monoliths no uh no bright green
field now I might play worse because I'm
playing in front of other people which
is different in the normal I'm also
trying to learn this secure the
objective we're losing Alpha
I might play worse because I'm playing
in front of other
people I will hard scope no I
won get my bearings here where am
I I will not play The Objective I'm here
to
game this play as a 50 people are
constantly judging you yeah
I don't get stage fight with music but I
think I get stage fight with
gaming I'm not like feeling nervous but
I feel my like attention span
suffering
oh oh nice free collap for them I
suppose I
we okay let's let's let's hope this
works should I be sniping on nuke town I
probably a taking Bravo underway o
y taking B
controlling
Bravo
what the [__] delay on
uh here's what I noticed is there's like
a delay a lot of the times with no
scoping in the current games
I taking Bravo underway ptfo ptfo yeah
but like what if I would was
funny that was that you know what
someone should kill me for missing those
two take your time and relax the bones
right now I have to sit in a weird
position cuz I'm charging the controller
cuz this controller runs out of battery
the PS5 controller runs out of battery
so
quickly oh and also they brought the
shock charges are still in the game
which is nice and by nice I mean it's
hell we're our
hostile UAV established overhead R
maneuvering enemy RCXD
detected am I in danger
yep wait I need to see my
controller okay whatever I'll take
it controlling Bravo
taking Bravo
underway taking
b pck p p Pi Pi Pi
okay why didn't I stand on the objective
that would have been
free o y
youing Bravo
I have no idea what I'm
doing
okay they movement mechanics in this in
this current
game very robust I would say hard to
take advantage of it when I need to be
stationary a little time here
but that was a that was free there was a
there was a free double call out for me
and I just choked
it well I got
them if I hit that that would be great
controlling Bravo the longer you aim
down the scope the less satisfying it
is so you got to you got to be kind of
annoying with this
movement do you play war zone
no fortnite's my fortnite's my
Battle Royale controlling Bravo net call
enemy watch Hilo
inbound taking I feel like I need to
okay I feel like I need to take Nuke
Town out of my
rotation just a little bit it's very
chaotic which could be fun but um only
if you're like an SMG
user hostile tet
active Bravo
B this is also not the sniper rifle I
usually
use I could switch to that one
perhaps I think the game's going to
uh that could have been clean if they
had come in
Faster bra Zone
SEC enemy UAV
inbound your AO oh come on oh like how
does how do those how do those like not
hit okay
I have played balers gate three I've
played two playthroughs of
it I would play it on stream I feel like
gets uh gets into some territory that
wouldn't be appropriate for the stream
but I don't know why I keep running into
that person
cheat pick pick pick
pick okay don't worry I'll have my I'll
have my day oh my
day I saw that glimp but I thought they
were like out of the
map like I'm just looking at a refle
no way that was a hit
marker I hit that
anyway that was four hits in a row I
don't
care bra
report to the nearest top got
out thank you squid
games all right let's see
it nice
elimin it's the
lmg okay practice is over
okay practice is
over okay if it gives me new town again
I'm I'm
dipping I can play new town I just don't
feel like it there's so much
pressure anyone who's played this game
how do you how's every I'm feeling about
the
zombies I've tried to run like a few
games on it it was
interesting huge fan of this loading
screen huge fan of this loading
screen think yeah
the armor does kind of make it cheeks it
has a really
strange really strange dynamic because
of that are those snacks I he are those
snacks I here yeah I'm
sick I can't eat anything spicy cuz I'm
sick and my like throat
hurts my least favorite part about
getting sick is that I'll get like like
throat sore stuff and then I can't eat
spicy food
anymore almost everything I eat is spicy
so spicy food is the
best my stomach hates me for it
but what is going on with this
you are somehow fine it's not a sore
throat it's like it's like little
things there a difference between a sore
throat and like I don't know what you
call them they're just like
sores they're like a bonus symptom I get
when I'm sick
it's really
nice yeah they're they're cold stores
yeah uh this is like okay so this is
like a a 2v2 map I think but I'm
playing like a playlist where you can do
6v6 on it so I don't know how to play
this map as
well Team Deathmatch
I'm sort of new to this
map nice ping
ahead no way that was a hit marker you
[__] see this
[__] no way that was a hit marker
do you ever just get SN shot with a
sniper rifle and you
live lock in lock
in oh my God you seeing this [__]
Lambert guys I got to lock
in if I'm not good at this game then
what's the point
what am I doing what am I doing
bro
[__] what's the score limit are we still
doing 100 on the map that's
small I know they're in
there can't be tunnel this thing
can't be tunnel
vising if I'm not good at this game I'm
not good at anything you don't
understand so no
head come on you're losing this
fight get
it how how is that a hit marker it's not
fair how is that a hit marker I'm so
I'll [__] take it out on you I don't
give a [__] it's all your
fault I got to move
how was that not penetrate
okay how okay is this a new eror yeah an
eror of me
choking
UAV Sam tur it
out yeah I
I'll take
that
Jesus
how [__] how
ow
sure oh they were okay that's the other
thing they weren't doing it but there's
a thing that you can do in this game now
where you can dolphin dive backwards and
then it makes it like really hard for
you to be seen cuz you look like you're
dead
en they see my laser I don't know what
I'm
doing please I'm so
sad how help help they're all they're
all hit markers they're all hit markers
every day I get hit markers and nothing
else launch
UAV with a sniper
rifle with a bolt action sniper
rifle oh I'm never going to let that one
down I should have hit that one for
real and that one and and you know what
just kill
me oh my God that is pathetic I have to
lock
in pcking is not going to
help sure why
not not the shock
charge and the last thing that heard was
I have to lock in Wolf when she locks
in what the [__] was that sludge sound
oh it was wolf
once I learn this map is over for
everyone
no how
how
hello I
what I really got to play as
hardcore I'm going to be haunted by hit
markers for the rest of my life I don't
know how else to say it
all sure why
not sometimes there are misses where
it's like oh that's fine that I missed
sometimes there are misses where it's
like there's no reason I shouldn't have
hit shouldn't have hit
that not in a game detection way but
me
ooh smart rotate crimson's on their
heels hit them hard
oh
CIA a bunch of proud bastard they won't
forget this sh move
out that's awful Mr soggy sock is the
winner
10 hostiles
eliminated did they say 10 hostiles
eliminated that was
three is that going be an MLG quick
scrip Montage I mean probably I've been
clipping things if ever you see this
icon pop
up up there on the top right that means
I clipped whatever just happened
there's like a shadow play sort of
recorder on PlayStation
Now the one thing we don't do the one
thing we don't do is put medium range
Scopes or iron sights on a sniper rifle
cuz that's that's just wrong shame on
anyone who does
it I mean not really but like shame with
anyone who does it
the only acceptable time to use iron
sights is if it's for is if it's for a
uh an
achievement that's the only acceptable
time
okay I know this map but I'm bad at it
so and it's
domination
domination all Targets declared hostile
happy hunting so you can dolphin
backwards like
this control
claim the adant and when you dolphin D
backwards it's really hard to see oh I
forgot I'm this one takes a
bit they're taking
C
bra HTI
UAV let me try using the this one
because I'm trying to level this one for
attachments and [__]
location see how does is that not a hit
enemy
UAV
sure hostile Counter UAV
EST I'm so I'm so tilted already a
okay what if I play the game
normally
we're you're falling behind crimson
taking Tomato Land fishy might tell you
this is baddy hit the Tomato
Land
the bishy might tell you this is a
tomato land thank you dear
Bro you've got to be eating everything I
own in my
house okay back to they're taking C the
real video game
yeah I don't really like this
map chat is this the gun Dimension it
probably
is securing
B okay
Bravo
[Applause]
Z yeah the movement for the movement is
awesome I I love the movement of this
game but the maps are often horrible
there are some good ones that feel
relatively balanced but
enemy strike incoming spawns don't make
any sense on some of these
Maps is that a squid game it most
certainly
is we're losing Charlie
please taking like I can't see anything
sometimes on this map some of the other
maps you can everything pops out but
like I can see basically nothing on this
map
securing I already need glasses to
see how does that not
hit
Bravo lock down
loing Bravo
all
right there's a question mark in my
heart the only kills I can get on this
map are not quick scopes
which just doesn't feel
fun it is squid
game this is so
shameful like I just like
H like how how are they spawning here
makes no
sense that that wasn't anything that the
spawn cuz I saw them
yeah and what's crazy is this is
domination too which is where the spawn
should be making the most
sense
UAV Peak
hostile estblished
overhead
we're I can't wait to be on a map that
isn't this one and then we can play the
real game of Call of
Duty enmy UAV count it's not a real
kill they're taking C it's only a real
kill if I felt satisfying to
hit how I don't understand I don't
understand I don't understand I don't
understand we're going to get a map
that's not this
one that was three shots but they should
have hit okay I'll I'll
just play
semi-normal just get me on a different
map please
we're losing
Charlie same map but different game mode
how about same map but better spawns but
not same map though
hey don't Frank me I swear that person's
name was Tomato
Land yeah the game's
lost what the [__] holy
[__] you you know it's a bad game when
like I'm doing terribly and I'm still
the second best on our
team hostile Counter UAV established
above hostile UAV established overhead
you're being outplayed Crimson one step
it up taking
Bing Bravo
thank
you that was an impact it doesn't
cook enemy
grenade
enemy
okay Dam it it's time for a different
map
now I promise I'm not this
bad this person might play the this game
a
lot
flowers I'm also on controller whereas
this person's definitely on mouse and
keyboard in AOW by
my thank you Mr Counter Strike
it deserves the negative
reviews but it did not cost me $100 it
cost me like 40 cuz it was on sale
somehow this this is like this is like
definitely this this Call of Duty
doesn't really get a
cosign the only reason I'm playing it
right now is cuz it's the supported Call
of
Duty and the movement is fun
the last good Call of Duty was Black Ops
2 Black Ops 2 was genuinely the last
good Call of Duty I
think they had a little something going
with Black Ops 3 and they had a little
something going with uh Modern Warfare
2019 this map also makes me sad this one
makes me a lot less
sad Team
Deathmatch pacify the AO kill
team now this map I know so if I do bad
it's completely my
fault the lead stay on Tas
I'm going to play uh
[Applause]
we winning keep it that
way
MW2 2022 was
okay not a
favorite but it wasn't horrible
oh okay
this map does kind of look like Nuke
doesn't
it certainly doesn't play like Nuke
good to see you
again that was clean there we
go it's the Sleek metal it's the white
colors the bright colors
Jesus I thought I was out of the
window
over you know what that's on
me my favorite C
map it's got to be a Black Ops 2 map
probably uh
honestly probably
raid I love
raid oh you said least favorite Cod
map ni stop
uh that's that's a harder question cuz
there's a lot of bad
ones I think it's also going to be a
Black Ops 2 map whatever that one was I
forget what it was called that one where
it's
like oh my God I really don't know it's
like a really really big map on Black
Ops 2 in a normal
in normal matchmaking and it's like a
giant like blown up apartment building
in the
middle I forget whatever that one
was the name of
it that one sucks
nice R
um I also forget the name of the uh the
map with Club
Luna but that one's top tier not not bad
at all that one's top
tier I hate that I'm forgetting the
names yeah aftermath that one's awful
aftermath is just so dog
[__] Crimson
act we're coming for
you how you like
that that one Singapore map
oh come
on UAV EST yes it is 2025 and I still do
take UAV as a kill streak because I'm a
reasonable
person
UAV Peak I dare you okay they won't I
think they just did right as I was
leaving respond Swit
Chi there we
go bus time
enemy RCXD
detected yeah the yacht map Hijacked
hijacked is just a masterpiece of a
map the three lanes are so well to find
objective play on that map is just
absolutely beautiful and fun hijack is
like the gun game map oh it's so good
Black Ops 2 is
just they basically need to re-release
Black Ops 2 but with the Black Ops 6
movements style and that's like a dream
come true I think keep everything else
the same the graphics The Sounds
everything else keep it the
same but just use them just have like
the smoothness and the movement
mechanics of
op and then we're good to go get a UAV
on
grid out
literally not even remastered please
don't [__] remaster it it looks Black
Ops 2 looks so [__] good for a PS3
game from 2012 just ridiculously
good I was playing it real quick on my
on my steam deck and like holy [__]
right where we want them finish the J
you like that shot
see I'm playing normally on this map
this is this this feels a lot
better mission go aged
teamv I I choked that last moment but
like in general that was a good that was
a good
match and I'll get play of the game game
why
not oh that shot was so good are you
kidding
me yes you like that vertical that
vertical drag
scope hell yeah there we
go why is there someone called why is
there someone the furry clan tag in
here I'm scared guys
okay so you've seen an average game for
me so now now recall this whenever I
start
choking oh is that with the that was
with this that was with the uh the
sniper rifle too which is one I'm
leveling up right
now oh no
no yeah the cheating situation with with
Black Ops 2 is still quite
abysmal the
DSR the DSR is one of the best guns in
all of video games I'm just going to say
it just one of the most satisfying
things to use in any video
game when I name those
loadouts go ahead and read them buy
Winter's end on band camp for only $5
quick scope Champion Tomato
Land of course I [__] with my Sing My
Singing Monsters what do you think I am
stupid I'm a pony you're a m let's be
humans let's be human
beings okay this Babylon this map is
like kind of
uh the modern rust I think without the
verticality this map can go one of two
ways either Incredible or horrible Team
Deathmatch destroy the enemy the lead is
we've given up the
lead peek peek Pig peek PE PE PE PE you
w you w you w you w you w you w you out
okay they won't they really really won't
[Applause]
oh
[__] that was rude that was rude of me I
couldn't even keep playing after that I
was like that was rude
excuse
me how did okay how did that not
hit they just hit marker me so bad maybe
I should let them kill
me
or hit that [__] hit that [__] hit that
[__]
[__] I have done a dolphin dive quick
scope oh that was dirty you see that oh
that was not okay that was not
okay I that
I should have just tried to quick scope
this cheesing it peek peek peek peek
peek peek peek peek peek
okay you know what's nice is that people
are are going around knifing in this
game like the old days hostile UAV
estblished overhead so I will say that
is a that is a
nice a nice little touch
cuz when I was playing the last one I
played was uh Modern Warfare 2022 nobody
Wasing nobody was knifing in Modern
Warfare
2022 rep of an infiltrator watch your a
knife little touch you're more more more
clever than me I'm not going to hit that
shot today
peek question mark peek question mark
Mar there we
go a nice Baer
Peak
a oh that was that was a that was a drag
if I do say so
wait can I do a jump
scope if that had hit I would have
cried sorry they're going to be knifing
I got a
counter no no no no no no how was that
how was that a hit
marker it was a point blank sniper
shot that's not fair you're supposed to
be the cia's best I am
okay I
miss AO
oh come on right after I hit that of
universe over for us all stations
withdraw
damn shout out stanky thanky though
queen of H Mar don't call me anything
but that please call me anything but
that please
monarch of hit
markers the vice hit markers okay this
is going too
far this is getting out of hand now
there are two move
them okay what what map
I am not I am not the best protocol
player but we'll try
it so the blast traps are op on like
camping maps I think
I love the like the [__] is
a neurog gas
trap like are we just doing war crimes
more and more and more war
crimes they're always doing War Crim
they have the Napalm Strike they have
the in one of the modern warfar they had
the phosphorus [__] [__] up
kill
confirmed weapons Free People lay some
hate on them they wanted Sergeant Woods
to sound like super iconic in this but
he just sounds
annoying let me so real with you
[__] ain't working we've lost the
advantage hostile Counter UAV
established above yeah this this one's
also not my map but I know this one more
at least so I'm
choking still kind of my fault like what
what is that what
what okay how dides that not H theye the
same corner twice
yeah that that is most certainly the
same more
Ru but I do have monkey
brain and I do love
repetition
Hile okay now how did I hit that that
felt unfair that was like their
arm eyes on enemy
enemy UAV easier to hit moving targets
than stationary ones for me it would
seem shout out to
impatience why did why did I
hello wait I need to see the skin for
that what is that that is disgusting
what is that what is that skin that's
gross I I was so [__] distracted by
that skin it's
incredible hostile UAV established
overhead it's like the ugly Christmas
sweater of of
cod gun SK I don't know I don't know
what I'm trying to
say
I I will cry about that one for a little
bit I just want to see that would hit me
out some kill me before hit
me enemy page above
hostile Counter UAV established
Above This the spiral staircase just
like the one on Dust here guys remember
it's time to remember
my
fault why is that person's name scoot
his priest
UAV
task requesting UAV
T enemy C UAV inbound placing
Center okay that was kind of
cool that was a backwards dolphin dive
[Applause]
I
should I didn't expect it would be so
close
hostile
shooter forget
it the mini map is a lot more useless in
this game than in recent
games
wow either they're good or I'm bad maybe
it's a bit of both
Sans
en Crimson s a sleeper trust no one t
don't wor I don't trust anybody
UAV eyes overhead
nope not the spiral staircase from D
two hostile UAV established overhead
hostile
shooter get out of the way
oh hey when am I playing disco leum
again I don't know I'm sick today so I'm
just like
chilling I want to play this when I can
fully enjoy it that's why I'm playing
Cod cuz cod's angry and deing
[Applause]
I'm kind of falling off this
match where were we on thisum I don't
remember
anymore I remember when I'm back here
they earned it they earned it through my
failure KN get a UAV in the
a why
why the [__] going on out there
tighten up your show SP no
Woods maybe you stopped yelling hostile
Counter UAV estblished
above enemy UAV
inbound they were waiting they were
waiting with that
clearer requesting
UAV the there the all the voice active
for disco is ridiculously
good the [__] is that that was such a
strange
event all operators to your C that was
not good we just got our asses here to
do us that was that was that was no good
that was no good
why don't you get play of the game with
the guy with the ugly ass [__]
clean the py Bison King
so good man get get up it's dirty don't
you know the 5sec rule
yo is this screaming
us peace
hello yes this is scrimmy
bingus squid gam me bingus
wait do I own the
cleaver is it for
me I don't I'm so
close country spus is
real I I don't know why squid game is
UNC called I really don't
know it's a mystery to me also I'm done
being squid
game K is coming to
fortnite did K become fortnite when I
wasn't looking in like 2018
yeah it's called war
zone I'm not so great with this map
either but
team death seop activities take them
out we've taken
controling
behind sure
damn it we've lost the
lead thank
you
in ouch
why is there a delay with no scoping
now they're in love now
that
was that was lined up for me and I
missed
it I'm not scared okay I'm scared
imagine if I had a real weapon
damn Solid Snake establishing Sam
turret do it again I dare you
they did it
again hostile UAV established overhead
slow scope it's called A Hard scope
actually
okay I'm not really sure how I hit that
falling
behind I am that that was embarrassing
that was just embarrassing
just because you're using a
shotgun I swear I press the shoot
button back up coming you want to get
out of this alive better step up enemy
CU UAV inbound enemy UAV inbound I'd
probably win more if I wasn't running so
much but I have to I am the bunny
Mission [__] I'm pulling the blood time
to fade someone call our sorry
asses down my
for that's a
what what
no
lag that cat is
crazy that is that ises dark Creek Flo I
don't think maybe it
is Uncle Ben what happened
[Music]
19 something like that
this again
buy Winters Z on band camp for only
$5 you guys fil the test someone just
bought monarch of monsters instead
of winters in you guys you guys were not
listening
okay less running more we got the lead
now hold it
dude get out of the
way I thought that person's name was
Jimmy Fallon I got
scared it's like no gim word no no
no I forgot there was a way
behind sometimes I test to see if FMJ is
still alive and well
I'm not hitting
these
above I do not hit
these okay there is no excuse for me to
not H that one
one just kind of generally no
excuse no excuse for that one
either no excuse for that one either I
need eyes over
head this is where I fumble all the way
through okay I shouldn't have gotten
that they should have just been
better the squid game I beat squid game
why
what what
t on deploy Counter UAV get a UAV on
grid
Gren
en requesting Rec above
I don't know what's going on with me
right now I was just playing well game
game
ago like nothing here is striking me as
being
like map or spawn related like I'm just
choking right
now I'm
insane no medals for second place Crush
those dirt
bags La UAV
that's right you
[__] only accept outcome sure
whatever do play did do get play the
game congratulations on play of the game
man
you
get this is a valerin player
potentially hooray I got the cleaver I
suppose that's
nice stop stop stop let me go let me
out it like held me hostage there for
like 2
seconds you guys know that uh control
freaks part two is actually coming
though right
no idea what Sleeper Agent does but that
seems
funny so yeah uh we're doing
uh control freaks part two is
happening uh it's going to be just like
a full remake of control freaks part one
and that includes get
sexy originally I was going to be like
we'll do get sexy too but like remove
the vocals and I decided we're just
going to teamat I'm just going to record
it I'm just going to record it not here
to
negotiate hello I'm the
dire thank
you that was
nice that was really
Pleasant oh brother
that glass shattering sound effects
yeah spawns on this map are a little
strange as well
[Applause]
wait what do you mean how am I suddenly
good good at what
enemy
oh that's an
enemy good thing they can't hit a shot
dude 360 no scope they make it so much
harder in this game to do no scops
completely yeah this was certainly isn't
me playing
good I can play much better than this
I'm sort of like my intention span
suffering ever so
slightly are they going to peek again no
they won't
free
free I was like if someone slides down
the stairs I will
cry
what that that was confusing
one day I'll hit one shot enemy UAV
inbound
but it's not right now K you pacifist
route for this game I sure hope
so okay
tactics AR working find another
way I am so
bad if I had imagine if I had a real
weapon
Etc underwhelming
effort time to stop the bleeding RTV
we're
done V your discography is so [__]
huge do it but I
respect because I like
music everyone one
[Music]
s s
s
um my output is so high is cuz I I I
love making music and I have a lot
of I'm constantly planning projects
I mean Monarch was in progress since
right after Carousel finished so it took
a
while I
mean the most reasonable answer I can
give
is music is my main work and I work on
my own schedule and I don't do touring
and I don't have a management or like a
label to work for so it's all just like
I I I do all my engineering I do all my
recording my entire studio is right next
to my bed
so it's
like a lot of inhibitions I
have a lot of inh inhibitions I could
have just simply do not exist
I mean I technically just finished a
another project yesterday
it's not an album but it's
exciting um I'm working on a small
project uh with a friend right
now do I pay taxes yes I do I pay so
much [__] taxes
dude SEC the
OB all the money I make I have to give
30% of it to the government
hard point is secure we've taken control
ho [__]
all I am not I am not playing this game
right
now by all means I should have hit that
I didn't
hostiles have the hard
point so
basically if you buy $100 worth of my
music band camp and PayPal take 20% of
that so that gives me about $80 from
that and then after
taxes uh it's 30% of $80 whatever that
is H haveed the someone do the math For
Me Yeah so basically if you buy a $100
worth of my music get $54
$56 of that
I I think I've lost my
focus I think whatever slow State I was
in is gone right now for the
game is SEC cuz I'm good at this map so
in fact I'm not doing well means I'm
just like joking hard point
active have the hard point
found someone who's worse than
me how do you get do I get royalties
from Spotify yes I do lock
down Spotify pays me reasonably but
that's because I have so much music and
I get a lot of
streams considering how much music I
have up and how many streams I get I
probably don't get paid a lot actually
but it's a reasonable
amount without without
considering the
ratios the I just realized this is hard
point I'm so not playing the object
get a
UAV T we're flying on UAV turning to
tank I have been starting to think about
doing live
performances hello
you just I'm sorry did you say no roon
you're
insane
out camera shake for this game of six
yeah I'm I'm not playing I'm not going
to play cons I'm going to play uh
paranormal
[Applause]
venues I need to be more patient I need
to be more
patient I'm playing so
erratically what the [__] was that rag
doll my eyes overhead hostiles have the
point
why am I not hitting that okay that okay
that one I should have
hit I was aiming directly at
them my looking so the game
I I'm going to cry just so you
know thing is though right now I kind of
want to play shows that are just like
that are just DJ sets so like not doing
the whole Viet Pony
experience like at Bron UAV
I've been thinking
about playing like
a MLP throwback set cuz I've been
listening
toi the past the past two days I've just
been listening
to feathers in my mind Al UAV estblished
overhead
Point hos have the and then I started
thinking about Pinkie Pie I'm
like I want to do like a throwback MLP
set of some
kind ironically not at a convention
but how did that not hit is a question I
have enemy UAV
inbound point is
SEC hard Point located
yeah I think I've lost my focus for this
game unfortunately now
lock absolutely mind
nothing hostile
UAV H haveed
the don't push my
rcx get a UAV on grid
hard point is
secure hos have the hard
point hostile Counter UAV established
above I'm just
not thank
you lock
down I think you're bouncing better
have captured the hard point enemy UAV
inbound hard point active hostil have
the point
requesting did they just say requesting
paid time off dude it's the US
military point is SEC was I able to able
to get in contact with feather
unfortunately no we spoke briefly in
20120 but ever since then I was not able
to get in contact with her I would
really really like to
because like okay I think I think I'm
done I think I need to get off uh I'll
do something else
[Music]
um I
uh what am I looking what are the words
I'm looking
for I'd really like to get in contact
with feather
if I
could
because I would
really like to get her
music on streaming
services and I would happy be I would be
happy to doing wait can I do English I
would be happy to do that in such a way
where we released her entire backlog um
under Horse Friends
records I'd be so open to
that I would be i' would be honored and
thrilled to do
that um I would also be open to like
helping her
do a whole CD situation with her with
her
album I'd love to help publish that and
distribute that and stuff for
her like that this is this is how much I
love feathers
music I would I would I would do
[Music]
anything so if anyone wants to get in
contact with with feather you
know I just realized I reset my thing I
have to redo this all over
again I have to mark my favorites
again for
Z
quit cardioid oh that's all right I saw
um I saw this this the the game cordio
on Steam I don't remember if it had a
Mac version or
not I haven't played the demo
yet but I plan
to if it doesn't have a Mac version
that's fine cuz I have a VM
but Nexus my alltime beloved oh Nexus
Nexus my
beautiful my beautiful Nexus
Nexus has become my best
friend I don't talk with Silva not not
lately yeah app's annoying to develop
for
yeah I I will definitely check it out I
was planning
too uh you're the main developer for it
yeah
it's very awesome it felt like Delta
Rune if it were a rhythm game which like
spoke to me
okay I think that's my favorites added
nice and yes shout out to all thean and
pony
kin so true
[Music]
the
for
[Music]
is
[Laughter]
[Music]
wait Tony Banks since you're here
those the only chords I know how to play
I don't know how to play the whole thing
but
so when you're asleep they may show
you views of the
ground something like
[Music]
thatty it's hard to sing when I'm sick
and it's 5 a.m. but
[Music]
can sing little bits of
Huntress let me finish my cough
drop cuz I am sick still
[Music]
hundreds in the night
I forgot the lyrics
again in the
night touch
[Music]
me I am yours
oh my God wait guys the pill Drive is
spinning
up this is the pill drive it's another
backup another hard
backup I have to move it so I can get
access to the buttons over here so
because this is a 49 key keyboard so a
lot of times I'm I'm pressing this
button over here to move
the octaves on the Fly
[Music]
every time get the Rave generator out
I'm getting an error on OBS can everyone
still see the Stream
[Music]
well Tony
Banks I appreciate it and I'm a Genesis
Super
Fan
so a lot of my music is very informed by
my experience with Genesis
I have uh hold
up let's turn on
Lampert one
second B I'm going to send you this
image so I can save it on my computer
nice
H this is
a I have this sitting right above
me my my my
prized I got them new like how many
years ago
about 16 years
ago
God 16 years ago bank statement fan I'm
actually not
aware I need to complete the Genesis
vinyl collection though cuz I don't have
that going
I have an ads copy of Duke
that the period of Genesis from lamb to
Duke um hold on I think I have
a I think I made
this hurry up come
on I made this inspired by
Duke this instrument
[Music]
and fun fact uh Duchess is actually
sampled in
ANM nobody [__] knows that but
dutches is sampled in ANM
[Music]
on
yeah Dutchess is one of my alltime
favorite songs period it's one of those
songs that's just absolutely one of the
most perfect pieces of music you could
ever listen to in your entire life and
it's a post Gabriel song it's crazy it's
called Duchess by Genesis
without without the song the entirety of
fish Whisperer wouldn't even exist I
[Music]
think oh what a good that's a really
nice chord to play on this it's
we play this chord and then
get that's nice
[Music]
my my my take my take on Genesis would
piss off progue purists cuz I love prag
rock as much as an next person I think
anyone who's listened to Monarch knows
this for fact but like I'm going be so
for real with you Genesis doesn't have a
Bad album unless it's it's it's a
Genesis to Revelation or calling all
stations um I'm going to come out and
say it uh we can't dance is a good album
invisible touch is a good album sorry
guys but I'm real and also abacab is a
much better album than people believe it
to be
like people just people just don't get
it they want dancing with the moonlight
Moonlight Knight
24 sorry if you want to listen to that
you have all of uh Selling England by
the
pound the album is like basically just
dancing with the moonlet night like five
times like it's
fine if you want more of that it
exists like God damn uh [__]
Invisible Touches it's such a [__]
good album like you got to be lying to
yourself you got to be lying to yourself
if you if you hear the just the Big
Poppy bits of invisible touch you and
you get mad about it like I don't like
this no it's it's fun it's fun good
music and also Domino is progressive
rock
music people are going to cry about
it I am I am a I'm not just a Collins
truther but I am a like a pop pop pop
you're a cins truther as well
I
mean this is this is this is my
baby this is my
baby I love
her she belongs on the same place she
belongs in the same place as The Lamb
Lies Down On
Broadway people need to realize that
they're both the
same they're both the same level of
profundity also I heard
uh had a had a bit of a that all moment
at the salon the other
day oh no why would you are going be so
f with you too why would you show up to
a Genesis concert in the
2020s and get mad at them for for
playing thr it all away what are you
there
for Peter Gabriel's not
coming oh this is the this is the malaha
V2 and this is a gmk pegas pegaso or
something I was thinking of doing a full
cover of supper's ready where I play
every single instrument by myself
there was another there was another
Genesis instrument I've
made
H I don't know if I can find it actually
it might have just been a preset in
Ableton it's in
the what is it called in
[Music]
the oh man
not collisions and there string one
tension that might be it
[Music]
but there it is
[Applause]
I use this instrument a lot in h
[Music]
word such a beautiful
sound and that was in
uh Prince of are
[Music]
sweet you can hear in the background
there
[Music]
uh actually I'm so curious does everyone
in here know how how old the prince of
soru is because the part of the
overrun was actually a song I started in
2014 and it took me 5 years to finish
it I don't know if everyone knows
that cuz now the album's been out for so
long that people probably don't
realize let's
see so okay here is the first demo of
overrun November 30th
2014 and it was
[Music]
this that's how it sounded the first
time
[Music]
okay and then there was the demo to
which was just a few days later in
[Music]
2014 first
vocal smoke from your Ms kill you as it
might step in the subway look left and
the right your tongue is stay with the r
need of your kingom are slowly burning
down Anarchy Echoes to the edge of the
Town hi need to come now there's nowhere
you can run you're sickly powered house
rolled under one good you falter for an
answer by psycho magic means the
newspaper today know all about your
goddamn things the windows burn up the
doors a get the
seak what control freaks like the album
no way demo 3 was this one in
2015 kill you asn't might step in the
subway look left and then right your t
isay with
the that's when we introduced this
part you see what they doing grabbing
their guns fing all around this
ruin thinking everything that's near and
de to me do you think there will be a
city we live
peacefully they brainwashed every C and
May in this world this for power and
then a year later again in
2016 we have this
one now the Productions little smoke
your
itep
inway right your tongue is no seen with
the remant of light walls of our kingdom
are slowly burning down anarch Echo to
the edge of the
town to come now there's no way you can
run freak with the [__] you want from
me well can't you see what they doing
grabing the GS firing all around this
room they take everything near and
me then there is no demo in
2017 and
then oh no no no no you're doing it all
wrong you're doing it all wrong
okay 2018 came around and then it
sounded like this all of a
[Music]
sudden facing under the H light
smoke from your mouth kill you as it
might step in the subway look left and
the right your tongue is not stain with
the remnant of
Lights of your kingdom slowly burning
down anarch Echo to the edge of the
town I need to come now there's nowhere
you can run yeah sickly Powerhouse R
under one
and then finally in
[Music]
2019 I need you come now there's nowhere
you can run your sickly Powerhouse R
under one gun you fall too far and
answer by psycho magic means the
newspaper today wrote All About Your
goam Face the windows B up and the doors
hang at the sea
you're a control freak with the [__] you
want from
me well can't you see what they are
doing grabbing their guns firing all
around is ruining they taking
[Music]
everything do you think there will be a
city we
face oh they brainwash every Co and Mar
in this world this r on Powerhouse is
under the
but the part that didn't exist in any of
the other previous St
[Music]
is ang you're
overun
you you self made guys self made
we
overun I Liv ignorance you're
overun
nice um I do have some exciting things
happening with like older music though
so everyone knows I
obviously just uh released the fault of
the
clouds uh remaster and you know what's
crazy
is this was so hard to do
because back when I was first learning
how to
use abl 10 cuz fall of the clouds was
the first song I made in able 10
everything before that was Garage
Band and when I was learning to use
Ableton I didn't quite know how to keep
everything into the same
project
so my hard drive is spinning up
um
so where is it oh there I go the problem
with the old Vault of the clouds project
is it was in like two different projects
three different projects
actually so what I would do
is when I got one part of the song done
I would export a demo of that and then
bring it into
a new project add stuff on top of that
and then bring that demo into a new
project and add stuff on top of that so
the project didn't
exist in one single
project and not only that bunch of the
samples were missing all the files were
missing some of the plugins didn't work
and so for years and years and years
there is basically no way to recover the
fault of the clouds
project and so it was a big deal to me
when I put it back
together this is Fault of the
clouds as it would have
been if it were one project this is the
original everything in one place
[Music]
well we know how the story ends
her and then
he never to see his love
[Music]
again what
learn like yours the
is from the
[Music]
it's out the out
is or from the river will
[Music]
we now I got extremely emotional seeing
this all in one place cuz I
hadn't seen the original project for
fall of the clouds in years and it
because it was
broken all the files were missing I
relocated every single file some of the
plugins weren't missing or were missing
so I fixed them in a 32-bit
environment
um and so it's like such a big [__]
deal for me to see this in one place um
and I realized something interesting cuz
one of the things that I always loved
about the song is how just like
[Music]
how intense that side chain and kick
drum is and I realized something this
Kick
Drum
has two milliseconds of Silence at the
start of
it the kick drum sample has 2
milliseconds of Silence at the start of
it and now normally when I'm working on
music if I see something like that I
remove it you know so it starts right on
here but I realized
if you remove that those two
milliseconds of
silence and bring it to the start
here all of a
sudden it doesn't feel as
[Music]
nice so this is with the kick drum quote
unquote
fixed here's with it not fixed
[Music]
the fixed version just feels a little
too tight in a bad way like it sucks
everything in too much whereas when the
one with the 2 milliseconds of extra
space feels a little bit more open and
makes it whoosh
more and that was weird to think about
like part of the song's power is owed to
a
mistake of those two
milliseconds of extra space so the kick
trums hits 2 milliseconds off of the
beat and it sounds so much better for
it and that's that that that was like
holy [__] that's a crazy that's
crazy like no wonder no wonder it feels
so ethereal it's just that that was such
a cool thing to find in the project cuz
that was not
intentional but I haven't stopped at
fault of the
clouds I've been in a very very big
recovery project you
see going through and fixing things
because older Ableton projects you
see the plugins stop working and you
have to like fix a bunch of stuff and
the files are broken so you have to
relocate them manually across your hard
drives make sure that they're look at
look at the file paths and match them up
with a new one you know make sure that
they're the exact same sound and not an
edited
version
and not only that but a lot of my
projects used to be very unorganized as
well like a lot of my projects were just
a bunch of tracks that were just white
like this and then just stacked on top
of each other and that's
it so I've been in this recovery phase
where I'm going through and finding
these projects and making them work
again it's not a 100% success rate it
really depends
on some situational things
but I've been managing some very
interesting
things
um let's go to
Aha
aha you know what else had the same
problem oh
and it still has the same
problem is the song known
as
starcross this is currently what it
looks like mildly fixed but you can see
that the song exists in different
demos rather than as a normal project
and so my goal is to find the projects
that made this up and to fix it so this
is kind of nonfunctional right now
but another important song to
me um I have
recovered and another emotional
moment I had when I was able to finally
fit all the pieces of of this one
together and to like see see it as it
would have
been in 2016
the world is CGH up in it Strife the new
pays its onb life everywhere there's
complications I'm just left in
thought oh little dreams little
dreams won't you come back and torture
me lovely dreams happy dreams won't you
show me who used to
[Applause]
[Music]
be one of the things I love about little
dreams is just when the when the build
comes in here
ooh when that [__] where is it when
this part comes
in oh it's just oh I love that
[Music]
texture you come T
me dreams happy
dreams show
[Music]
oh little
dreams little dreams
[Music]
so this is all
here I didn't just stop there cuz we're
going kind of crazy okay
um where is it where is it where is
it cuz I didn't just stop at little
dreams and I'm not stopping where I have
been stopping because we're going to
keep
going but
[Applause]
[Music]
and what's this
here certainly not the original
[Music]
vocals everybody
say a perfect
[Music]
W do you even
know where I
am and the world is
crumbling and I don't know where the
[__] I've
got that ch
[Music]
[Applause]
from starcross by the way
I'm the queen of the world that you
never saw and the love you were G me
guided me
[Music]
before
gold equestri Fallen
tonight and I'm going to take it
back it's Golden
[Music]
Light very nice
but I didn't stop there baddy I know you
can see my screen so don't
cry don't cry bad it's fine it's fine
it's fine it's fine it's fine it's
fine it's fine I didn't just stop
there so many questions would have been
asked if I were to do this with like
people around the yeah okay then better
love me for
[Music]
this get sexy get [__] sexy get
[__] sexy get [__] sexy get [__]
[Music]
it where is it where is
it diamond
on
diamond diamond on diamond on
[Music]
watch watch
watch cool
so oh my God wait I forgot I
made sorry this is completely unrelated
I just thought I just realized oh Tomato
Land exists
this is this is completely unrelated to
everything I was just saying I'm just
opening Tomato Land right
now because I love Tomato Land I made
this a few days ago just just CU because
I
[Applause]
could might
[Music]
this is the
way the
[Music]
glory I them devour babies don't move
wait let me
beautiful girl that's why it'll never
work I eat and power
babies
right that's not
it
is God why do I have to go through all
these videos just to get to just to get
to devour
babies I eat devour babies
I eat and devour
[Music]
babies
wait wait wait wait
[Music]
[Applause]
the
robotnic have entered the ch
[Music]
here it comes bro aren't you excited
here it comes it's all
yours here it comes bro aren't you
excited here it comes it's all yours
just kidding
[Music]
here it comes bro aren't you excited
you're a Robotnik have entered the chat
a
robotnic have entered the chat
[Music]
you
wait unrelated but remember when Tracy
Drew
this in the GIC
phone this is is supposed to be
pilfered she didn't have enough time so
this is how she' Drew
pilfered it's so
good oh and then there is Cadence Miku
that azy
Drew that was nice
[Music]
[__] sexy get [__] sexy get
[__] sexy get
[__]
guys a
newn guys
Boomer hey
guys a newn hey guys
okay
than heed
[Music]
me I [__] work clerical stuff Droid
wrangling
let's get sexy too let's get sexy
too let's get sexy
too what oh I asked the rizzler basic
math questions I forgot
wait oh God imagine walking in your room
and this is what you
see
wait it's him
oh
a so
nice nice nice nice wa how about this
one Dax it's all
you Dax L one's all
you take it away
we we we've been trying to make like
we've been trying to figure out how to
make the most dated [__] memes
possible personally I feel like I won
when I
made where is
it personally I feel like I won when I
made
this first I feel like I won when I made
this one what do you guys think fatty
it's fine it sucks so
bad don't no don't I don't want to talk
about dank Lord Tim
timus it's it's literally like looking
at this like literally
takes how how long ago is
2018 looking at this takes 6 years off
your lifespan
automatically seven years off your
lifespan automatically
do you want
to why don't you why don't you go send D
dank Lord Tim marus in the chat I'll
show everyone your stupid [__]
image go go for it send me send it to
me because right now all I see is shad's
Eagle cuz right now all I see is shad's
Eagle just go and go and send it thank
you good
great there is much pain in the world
and most of it is centralized in this
image I hate this [__]
thing 2018 just started we already have
four great memes
I have found famine it is on
screen BTY it's
fine oh my gosh oh my gosh
that is a crazy
sound I am so
excited that's good that's
good look Sten I'm a
bre oh and there's a prize inside
was a fluffy V this
[Music]
one fny how you it was
yeah we did it again
I told you long ago on the road I got
Wai tell
lay you never R me anyway when
[Music]
iig see I'm a PO [__]
like that was something oh so
this sad
sure for
what okay anyway
um what I was saying leads me to uh one
particular
thing
um I've talking a lot about
feather and
uh because of a fault of the clouds was
dedicated to feather when I originally
put it
out oh my God wait new one to have a mod
Powers I'll give you the power you can
be blue like everyone
else there you go you're blue
now
um so is there a Wiki for all this
violent War I can't tell if that was
like that was like a planted comment or
not but in the event that it is and the
event that it isn't at the same time
funny you should ask the
Viet The Violet Pony wiki is a great
great great way to learn about
great
you Lord is a good way to find the Ricky
you can the
Ricky riy you love it okay so you can
even see everything that I do with my
mouse
just type violet. wigg and you've
won so
yeah but I've been talking about a lot
about feather
recently um for those who do not
know feather is an artist who originated
in the fandom years ago feather's Apex
was like in
2013 was the big thing 2013 2014
um and she was one of the she was a
really really short-lived
artist in the community because she I
think she showed up in 2012 and then
dipped out in
um but in that time she made such a
lasting impact in the community you
don't really hear her name very much
these days but you know to people who
were around back then she everyone
talked about
her um
and feather was someone
who um when I was a kid I had a lot I
was just starting to make friends and a
lot of them were bad
people people I was around kind of
[__] me
up but feather was someone who was good
and was a positive influence on
me and we talked a lot about just things
and music and and
stuff and they were really really really
just like a good
friend um it was very shortlived so like
kind of like as we became friends she
was like oh I'm going to be a full-time
teacher and I need to I need to work
three jobs right now and I have a family
and stuff it's like right as that
happened it's like kind of crazy I was
like
[__] I made this like meaningful
connection and now she has to like she
has to
go you know that's when she left the
fandom essentially to left making music
all together I don't know if she still
does music but she certainly doesn't
release music around here I was like
that's why I wrote fall of the clouds
cuz I was like really sad but I was also
really happy but I was also really sad
it's
like glad she has a life like how can
you hate someone for that how can be mad
at someone for having a life but you
know it was like it was like painful cuz
I was around so much dog [__]
so her influence really meant a lot to
me and her music also meant a lot to me
we never actually got a chance to work
together and that is still something I
like lament every single day of my life
we in late 2013 I have an email of us
agreeing we would work on a song
together um but you know that never
worked
out um
so I've been constantly thinking about
her music more and more and more and
more and there are a lot of things about
her work I didn't appreciate when I was
younger that I appreciate so much more
now um and something I got into thinking
was she became known in the fandom as a
collaborator like a featured artist like
it was always the big songs were always
like featuring feather Pony artist
featuring something featuring this
featuring that and
like that was cool and all but she was
also writing her own music and like
self- producing her own projects but
that stuff didn't really get a lot of
interest from
everybody and that's always felt so
tragic to me cuz
like she kind of had a career in which
she was just Associated as being
secondary to someone else when she had
like a
flourishing IND individual independent
music project of her own
and what I found interesting was feather
didn't really have any experience
writing music before she started making
music in the
community and her tools were extremely
limited I think all she had was
basically just garage band that's all
she had and yet using only default
Garage Band instruments and default
Garage Band Loops she made some just
incredible music like actually just
insane
music stuff that to me feels like in the
top echelons of alt
pop
and uh I didn't feel that way
necessarily when I first heard her work
or even when we knew each other that
that understanding sort of grew over
time the more I learned about music and
the more I learned about being an artist
the more I realized like she was on to
some [__] dude
she she was so she could write some
[__]
music
um and her accounts are still
around
um in fact I'll go grab
this let's do
uh the song she kind of got known for
for her own individual
project uh I think was probably on her
old
account here we go let's let's see if
I'm
correct yeah so what she became
relatively known for in the community at
first was her cover of mad world called
mad
Mars
um which is yeah that's just like a
parody cover of that song
but
um once she moved onto her new account
and started doing a lot of original
music oh scout scout Sunset official
I'll
give uh I was supposed to put type hide
user on this channel and put on timeout
don't do that there we go I I thought I
thought I gave you moderator already oh
well
um but she moved on from this and
started doing a bunch of like original
music Scout Sunset
official
um and that
was this one and when she moved to this
account like a lot of people just like
didn't listen anymore she like had a
bunch of like original songs and
everything and like they just didn't get
a
huge huge boost of popularity or
anything and you know around the time
she started to to to go away from
music the just the viewership goes down
like this this all this stuff is like 10
years or
older
uh I've talked about the song a million
times on
streams but the one that the one that
astounded me above all else was was City
Slicker so I need to I need to make it
clear she wrote this completely by
herself and and sung it completely by
herself and to this
[Music]
day I am
still over the moon about this song
[Music]
so the
shirts and
[Music]
colors all around
I'm no one [__] sings like that dude
I
[Music]
swear she makes it sound so [__]
effortless
[Music]
I
don't the
world bounce right off
[Music]
my I don't
have of
[Music]
girl they bounce right off my
she she was the genius of the world with
this
[__] um and what's crazy is she had no
experience writing music before the
feather project she just like started
doing it just just cuz she could just
cuz she wanted to learn
and she attached the Vocal Stems and the
instrumental to this
song
um and
unfortunately the instrumental stems
didn't exist so if you wanted to remix
the song you basically were limited to
just the
vocals or if you wanted to remix from
the instrumental I guess you could do
that too but that's a bit difficult
but all these years
later um I I some of this I've told on
stream before already but there's going
to be new information shortly
afterwards
um something I knew was that she wrote a
lot of her music using Garage Band
Loops um which if you know anything
about that is really hard to do CU
Garage Band Loops are not
the B best
sounding samples in the universe they're
nostalgic and interesting but they're
very hard to make sound good
um and so knowing she only used Apple
Loops most of the time I went to
navigating the Apple Loops library to
the best of my ability and I could not
find everything so I talked to Tracy
braks and we worked together to sus out
all of the sounds that were used in this
song and here's the absolute crazy [__]
about
that we found all the samples used in
city
slicker but it surprised us
because none of the sounds were supposed
to go
together I don't know what she was
cooking up
here but she found these sounds that
were not supposed to go together and
made them sound perfect together
one of these is from like a chill chill
wave sample pack one of these is from a
[__] Tech house sample pack one of
these is from an an R&B sample pack
another one's from like a DubStep sample
pack I don't know how the [__] she was
finding this [__] and like being like
yeah that makes sense and it's it's even
weirder when you hear the original
sounds because they just you
don't you don't hear them and think oh I
can make an pop song with this hold on
let's see let me get the names
so the so the the the most ordinary
sounding samples are the piano ones so
we can do black tie piano and that's
going to be here so this is the
original this is the original piano
sample
here
now if you're like me you're immediately
thinking oh yeah
right that's the kind of [__] you're
thinking for this then Skyline
piano like wa
that's that's
Jazz this is jazz
[Music]
music and you're going to notice two
things right off the bat already both of
these piano sounds are not in the same
key those were two complete compl
different
[Music]
Keys now in garage band I think by the
time she had Garage Band she uh knew
about key locking so you could basically
choose the key that everything was going
to play in um but what's crazy is the
fact that these don't these don't go go
together they are both pianos but they
don't go together and she figured to
actually use these as alternating
sections of a composition which was
already fascinating once you realize
that out of everything in these Sable
packs the progressions can work in that
alternating fashion but only if you
understand the nature of that kind of
progression so that that was the first
thing that was like really interesting
so it's like okay you have this this R&B
stuff you have this Jazz stuff the
hip-hop stuff okay how do you carry that
over and in my mind I'm thinking
[Music]
like I'm thinking oh maybe you have like
a really thumpy like Bas guitar in there
like a really dusty old style sub 808
sort of thing right so what does she
do
well she
says Apple Loops Electro
[Music]
house now correct me if I'm wrong but if
you hear this
sound you're not thinking oh that's
going to work really well with
this that is not your first thought is
it
then it gets weirder because then we get
here I'm
like we get to the drums and she's like
Yep this makes
[Music]
sense and then also
says what if on top of that we also had
like what are you
doing there are completely different
genres of music and none of these sounds
are supposed to go together all these
are in different Keys all these are
different rhythms by the way they're not
they're not supposed to go together and
then oh then there's the [__] Electro
topper which is like
if you listen to all these none of this
makes any sense none of this makes any
sense none of this makes any sense none
of this makes any
sense and then she just [__] did
[Music]
it I don't have be kind
of they bounce up my and and what a
masterful progression with that vocal
just the there the eban the E and floow
with the the lyrics going from like
straight rhythms
like who are
you how are you doing this shush how are
you doing this how who are
you and so I went
through and
got all of the samples together and I
rebuilt the entirety of City
Slicker the entirety of City Slicker
from
scratch and it was difficult cuz again
none of these things should have gone
together so I had to fit them again I
had to make them fit again which was
funny that was a funny concept
so what did we do we did a couple of
things with this information with these
files the first thing I wanted to do was
the one thing that I
think I mean for someone who doesn't
know anything about music she didn't
amazing job the one thing that was a
little bit difficult to get around was
the mixing and
mastering um because that was something
she didn't know much about and mixing
and mastering is not an intuitive
process where you can feel that out
emotionally it's sort of
just you got to work you got to work
your way to that
one but that
said my goal once I had this put
together was to remaster it and I'll
show you the before and
after so I'll do my best to make it so
whenever whatever track is highlighted
is the one that's playing so if I'm
highlighting old the old ones playing
piling the new the new one's playing
[Music]
so the
shades and
colors of the all around
LIF soft like down
[Music]
the
W
light tiny frag of
sh I don't
got the
[Music]
world bounce what I
I don't have
[Music]
to some other things I fixed here was
like right here where she sings girl
there's like
sound I fix that
[Music]
here girl
R bounce right off
my one of the reasons why I felt this
needed a remaster is mainly because of
the
drums
um because in the
original oh let me go to one of the
older versions
actually that's the golden light one and
then we're doing the
let's go here because this one's
relatively
unedited this is what it looks like when
a Project's broken by the way all the
files are messing I have to relocate
them luckily I know where these ones are
so
so one of the problems I had with this
drum section here
[Music]
is the kick drum on this sample has a
lot of base in it and this one does
[Music]
too together they kind
of kind of clash a little bit so I
wanted to fix that and
especially this topping this topper
sample could be a little bit
overwhelming when overlaid between those
as well so one of the first things I
wanted to do was fix the relationship
between those sounds together now
another drum sound like
[Music]
this I I likeed to remove more of the
low end
from this one more
[Music]
another thing was this base could get
kind of in the way a little bit of the
drums because of all the conflicting low
end so I did a pretty hard side
[Music]
chain actually did I wait where'd it
go uhoh
oh
wait I completely missed
this this is the
uh wrong project I like wondering it
sounded weird CU I feel like I removed
the kick drums base from the other one
instead I was like huh okay opening the
real project
now I think
I
hope there we go this looks correct
because I put these all on a grrip
here okay let's try this again I tried
to fix the relationship between these
drums
[Music]
here and this Bas could get a little bit
Swampy so I did some stuff here this
part where
goes where goes the the little Rumble
I've added sooth here which is taking
out some of the harsh high
end so it doesn't disrupt the mix too
much and then also I have this volume
automation here I tried using shaver box
but actually didn't sound right
[Music]
here so
without this volume animation sounds
like
[Music]
this with the volume automation the bass
gets pushed out of the way of the kick
drum a little bit more which helps the
bass relationships just to overall work
better
[Music]
I don't have to be that kind of
girl
like R I also added some little
like hear that delay back and forth some
extra embellishments like that just to
emphasize her ideas
[Music]
more it bounce right off my back
so my thoughts are I like the remaster a
lot but I don't think it replaces the
original the original is more Dynamic
and less compressed and it feels like
you know it's her original idea so me
personally I feel like the the remaster
and the original can still exist in
tandem with each other or it just
depends on the experience you want if
you want the more like stripped back
lowkey and very Dynamic one you listen
to her version and if you want something
to be you know really upfront and Poppy
then you can listen to my version
version so
but I also did
[Music]
this the
shapes
colors of the patterns all around and
lifted so FL
down no
a tiny fragments of s they
shifted paint the
tow I don't got to car in the
world city
sucker
R they bounce right off my back
[Music]
I don't have to be that kind of
girl
drop they bounce right off
my
the and
shadows they
over I'm
crossing GRS and Light
[Music]
thees let you move within I'm
dancing in
between slow
[Music]
motion I see the Beauty and the
rain drops
[Music]
like I don't got to care in the
world city
suer
R they bounce right off my
back
yeah I don't have still be that kind of
[Music]
girl
R they boun off
[Music]
my I to care in the
world
R they bounce right off my
back they bounce right off my
I don't have to be that kind of girl no
I no
I
DRS they bounce right off my
[Music]
back they bounce right off my
nice
so uh and then also she Drew this
artwork feather Drew her own covers by
the way so she drew the art for her own
music
too
um and so since I was doing my version
of it I drew uh I Drew this I drew this
one which is in the let's put them side
by side
actually let's let's put them side by
side put feathers
first I couldn't find the exact uh
background image she used but I'm pretty
sure I found the same rain texture
so
yeah would highly
recommend you go
and get feather's
music and listen to her music she can
have a band cam here she has a band cam
here
so it's just feather vocals.
bandcamp.com
and all day today I was listening to to
this while I was
outside skim through this a little bit
for
[Music]
you
small it kind of sad the cies
[Music]
cre I really like this
song this one kind of reminds me of like
uh image and Heap almost or like early P
sort
of it's a very subtle music
in a lot of places but it's
like it always feels very
[Music]
[Applause]
appropriate where's the uh where's the
big the big
snare I love this I love this thing
[Music]
those drums are like so genius with the
ambient beat it's so cool
[Music]
I don't know if
uh I don't know if anyone caught my my
topster update from a couple of days ago
which was this one but let's put this
camera Away really quickly where am I
Ione on my topster
update uh I
had a linker's bright future on there
twice it's supposed to be an in joke
it's just supposed to be like album is
so good it's there twice Etc um but that
was taking a spot
from you know what could be another
album be could be another album there
and
so I'm
like is this one no wait
yeah okay so what I rectified this was I
removed the second Adrian Linker and I
replaced it
with the
uh the feather in My Mind
album instead cuz
honestly I'm still listening to this
[__] I'm I'm still out
here oh family crest I actually met
them uh during a performance they did in
San Francisco cuz I was filming it for
them I met the band and I remember info
dumping to the drummer about
Skrillex I think I think someone's a
little behind in the Stream just
slightly oh yeah I info dump to the
drummer about SRX it it's really funny
to think back on because I had just
discovered Skrillex around the time I
filmed the the the concert
stuff but yeah this is this is this is
the updated topster
currently
um I was very Pride F to replace P
Robinson's narure with por Robinson's
smile see me Zelda Bird video you
made save youup
bird's
[Music]
name me
[__] I hope you're
happy I hope you're happy with
yourself but also there are
P awareness Association oh my
goodness so
true
um what's the what am I looking
for
uh I've sampled and referenced feather a
lot in my music see if we can explore
those
here let me go through the Canon catalog
folder and see what I can find I mean
I've talked about this a bit on stream
before as well so I will be repeating
myself ever so slightly
[Music]
but you've got me all figured out in
death of all magic that is uh
there's a reference to feather
[Music]
there
now oh wait I need to open the death of
all magic folder for this one
because this
one also samples it but it's hard to
hear where is the projects and then
Paradise Valley is here and
then death magic is I think this
one so it's not just the interpolation
it's also sampled in here a lot a lot of
the song is built off of the feather
sample
hurry up God damn
it do me a flavor and hurry the [__]
up
okay okay
[Music]
that's
feather if I take off all the processing
it sounds like
this all F
out I'm
[Music]
just I can show how how I arrived here
you
[Music]
I did some pitching here in the audio
files out first is waves auto tune which
does
[Music]
this wait I turned them all on at the
same time that's not what I wanted to do
waves tune does
this all fig
out then shaper box say
[Music]
this time shaper doing this volume
shaper doing this
pumping Distortion over
here some noise this is
thater this is panning it left and right
left right left right left
right the filter does closes here
like that and there's a fit Crusher
being
[Music]
here then we have
this adding some
compression Pro Q3 during this
curve what was this utility for I don't
think it was for anything little Ultra
boy does this thing
[Music]
and D adds
this
[Music]
then I think the Project's breaking a
little bit right now cuz it's a very
heavy project but um yeah that's this
just do I dare
open the
[__] do I dare open the [__] hush
project file do I dare attempt to do
that I don't think I'm going to I think
it would kill my computer because that
one has a lot of tracks
but oh everyone wants to be to okay
let's try it first I'm going to set
my computer to be 1024 buffer
size I don't know how
intact the hush project file is going to
be stream at 50 bit rate oh I'm scared
I'm scared of this project
let's watch it load in real
time my computer is very unhappy right
now I can
tell the hush project is very massive
oh not being unsuccessful a parameter
cannot be controlled by more than one
controlling device okay the hush project
is already
breaking it's not even loaded yet and
it's showing me that it's broken down
here oh
oh okay what's missing tell me what's
missing oh everything's lagging
okay oh no I renamed these something
else okay I'm going to have to I'm going
to have
to oh man
oh
man
um
93 beats per minute perod
that might be
it that's a drum beat I made and then I
exported
it hush
addendum 2
two5
DB 38
audio 38 audio what was
this what was this supposed to be
stem Sports has dundum 2 has dundum
2538 deel
what what
this stem
Sports oh oh
no oh no
I cannot find this
file am I BR a different hard
drive
oh
okay oh man okay bunkle
noise bunkle
noise the [__] is bunkle noise
dude what do you mean
okay well the one thing I can do is is
find the processed AC capala
for no this is going
to what what what is playing here
breaking the
[Music]
rules okay you know what for our
purposes this is fine
[Music]
this is feather right
here and it's from City
Slicker is that sound
now this is this audio is flattened but
I made this glitch out by doing a bunch
of like granular stuff so she's in
here but there's
more but there is indeed
more I have just been putting feather in
my music
[Music]
constantly
needra the pony
what was
that what does that mean could it be
[Music]
and then there's
also
[Music]
mys what else is there there's there's
more now now I'm struggling to remember
let me go through here
here I forg
oh very
[Music]
recently here she comes
that's feather
also that is also
feather I think that one was jealousy if
I'm not
mistaken now I know I've sampled her and
referenced her more but now I'm starting
to like forget what the other ones are I
think I did so in girls were Wizards
somewhere
I can look by typing feather and tracing
where the files are being used on my
computer
grunk in grunk Project what is grunk
Project
the [__] is grunk Project guys
apparently I used I used
uh feather sample in in a in grunk ALS
whatever the [__] that
is oh this
one I never finished this but
[Music]
than you for other files here
what is
this that one's just
hush this a new song no I'm not
finishing it
okay that's all my computer says in a
reference files I
think okay and that's all the feather
samples that are being referenced in my
Ableton files with probably still more
I've definitely referenced her music and
other things too I just don't remember
what but yeah that's the feather lore
you should go listen to her
music
um this this entire stream has just
become the the feather appreciation
stream
really CU he is the best Manan
oh my God wait actually there's some
funny lore
actually do I have access to the funny
lore is a question I
have do I have access to the funny or
I'm looking right
now
arive source
tail Chaser not tailchaser
was it
this
[Music]
wait what is
this oh that was for Horse Friends
nice uh
is that
it is this
it it is
okay
so in late 2013
this is literally December 31st 2013 it
says
um I was talking to feather about the
kind of music I was making which was
like kind of just the pop EDM stuff it's
like oh I can teach you how to make that
stuff too so I was talking to her and I
put together this loot pack of stuff
that I
made and originally she was going to
make a song out of it and it sounded
like this
[Music]
so like the precursor to a follow the
clouds a little
bit and I basically put these in like
Loops for
[Music]
her and I just wanted to see what she
would do with
[Music]
them she never under end end up using
them but I did make them for
[Music]
her oh yeah on the sea I'll see if I can
remember how to play on the sea hold on
[Music]
oh I didn't change my change the buffer
size
again cuz I increased it just
[Music]
for stay just set for another day
the
[Music]
world stilla something there I forget my
lyrics a
[Music]
lot what's this song it is on the C
which is my song
it
is actually on the C fun
fact was a different song before was
that this
one so okay what is this
in
okay I completely forgot about this lore
and we're about to talk about it I
think um
so on the sea is a song I wrote for
fairy tales in
2020 it's taking a million years so
let's see if we
can't find it before my
computer find
it so on the C is this
[Music]
song sweet cry swallowed by the
undertone right down beneath the
waves
of it was actually a different song
before and the song it was before was
this
[Music]
if I could spread my wings and fly I
would live a life of Harmony I
dream and touch
theories and it seems as the places that
I used to know had harbored
something
underneath this whole
time and the memories of the world
outside Equestria was never truly home
all the fighing all
theer and
I never knew where my heart was I was
trying all this
time to come back
home on the sea there world to be
explored the Horizon just another door
to
somewhere or
right on the sea I don't need my wings
to guide me I only need a map to
somewhere that will see me for who I
am that was the original on the C
demo now the this project is broken I
need to fix it if that's possible but
you may recognize parts of
it oh that is really broken
[Music]
uh I'll be
okay I know
[Music]
you might recognize
this I was never running away I was
racing to the dreams in my
[Music]
head if you listen closely to the melody
stem
[Music]
if I could spread my wings and fly I
would live a life of Harmony I
dream and touch the meor
[Music]
so that demo that I had originally made
for on the sea which got replaced with
the final version of on the SE I found a
way to put it in the kid kept running
[Music]
here I don't even remember what the
sound does
[Music]
that does not explain a lot to me but
that's
fine yeah you can add that note to the
wiki
[Music]
oh it's here
too oh wait and
then show
in
finder
AC
C Reverb
oh
wow so remember how I was just sharing
you guys the uh the song I wrote for
feather to produce with this sound
here is from that sample pack I made for
her we accidentally found another
feather reference
[Music]
and also I think everyone knows this but
this part is just all the songs and
cutie marks in
[Music]
sequence
so mark quotequote it was like
[Music]
[Applause]
B I've been trying
[Music]
C
[Applause]
[Music]
this I just this I just want take my
[Applause]
[Music]
and what's even crazy
is this final example here is a sample
of the kid who kept running the song
that it's
in before I got to this point of the
song I sampled the the song itself so
that it would be a sample in the project
itself all together
[Music]
my favorite my favorite part of this
project I think
[Music]
is is this this sound
just playing in the background there
[Applause]
[Music]
whoa it doesn't have the transition into
the first song
Crazy
yeah how many tracks does this have oh
less than 100 congratulations
me trying to if there's anything
interesting about these
that's just a random
[Music]
sample w
this kick sample is from M On's pain on
mind at least I know
[Music]
[Applause]
that hi Hi V
[Music]
anyway so we inadvertently found another
feather Sample When I wasn't even
looking for
it
great vid 2019 precursor I mean not
really cuz top five videos came out in
so yeah love
feather it's been feather appreciation
day so
yeah is there anything
else I mean fault of the clouds is a
play on the
name of the song look to the clouds by a
feather if that counts as
anything so so good so good so good
singing at
everything there are so many good songs
and that really fandom I think there a
lot of great songs now too a lot of
great musicians doing stuff
now it's all alive and well
I really wish I had fixed my system more
efficiently just trying out some new
things with all that said and
done I still think like little dreams is
more of an important song to me than
like ANM if that makes
sense we're coming up on the little
dreams 10 year anniversary not this year
but next
year which is going to be
interesting
but like I said I'm working on a fair
bit of projects right now obviously I
have love and pony step obviously I'm
like gearing up to do all the promise
complex stuff
but um I'm doing another project on the
side right now as well with someone
else and
uh while I'm doing that I'm also like
looking into uh making control freaks
part
two like i' said earlier I was showing
like get sexy I was showing uh Golden
Light and stuff working on recovering
all the uh
control freaks part one projects and
then basically I'm going to
overhaul the album and
uh we'll have a control freaks part
two I might even go back into my demos
folders and see if there's any like
unfinished songs from
the uh control freaks era that I can
finish redo and uh extend control freaks
part two to be
longer um
can't wait for the release of Promise
comx in
2019 God damn it's 2025 [__]
H
um God damn it it's
2025 not
good not not very
good but
um
yeah oh
and I I don't know if everyone
saw
but one of the
problems with the the current
Organization for things I've had was a
lot of my older releases were missing
from like streaming
services but I've slowly been getting
them
up and band camp has like the the most
profound amount of them also look at
them side by side very
nice
um but the only oldest release that was
on here previously
was I think everfree macrocosm was the
oldest thing here I believe look at this
whole back oh ghosties ghosty zp was the
oldest thing we had here but look at
this [__] backlog of [__] we've
gotten up here guys we've got Pony hype
guys we've got Pony hype it's
here Pony hype is here even [__] fim
is
here emotions EP jump scare guys this is
at an
angle yeah all of these people have
bought emotion CP all of these people
have bought emotion CP
apparently but yeah guys look it's not a
it's not an angle do you like that are
you a
fan look at
it isn't that nice
and thank God we got [__] up here
winter end is here guys winter end is
here guys extra what are you doing extra
what are you doing
here everyone say hi extra thanks for
buying Winter's end for
$5 you can buy winter end for $5 on Van
Camp
I paid more than $5 excuse
me yeah well tell her to the
crunk tell her to the
crunk but wait what's this down here oh
the secrets oh the secrets oh the
secrets oh the secrets oh the secrets oh
the secrets
oh the
secrets
wow what could it
be what could it
be hello yeah DJ gwash is this thing on
kg3 the mic is on time to spin these
tracks like the British Aron all right
let's go the battle's on
yeah Washington drawing up the strategy
he's the Battle of Saratoga Prodigy got
Tommy on the left Adams on the right
signers of the DOI night in the Hudson
Bay you know how we do it in the Hudson
Bay you know how we do it who can stop
us now who can stop us now who can stop
us now who could stop us now for British
extra you hear that you hear that who
could stop us now for a fact that ain't
the
British you know how we do
it um so this is this is my this is the
school project where the uh in the
Hudson Bay tag came
from
um and
uh this is the school project I did for
in middle school for history
class and patreon voted to canonize this
so uh this is going to be public this
year
very
good
nice could it
[Music]
be I'm a giant clam I'm a giant clam I'm
a giant clam I'm a
[Music]
giant right
I just dropped a list of the
best on
[Music]
my don't this won't hurt a bit we shall
not f
[Music]
the instrumental
yeah videos videos videos on with a fat
list of the videos trying to talk to me
like who I'm the badest [__] on the
site YouTube videos videos videos nobody
remembers your spiral shos iron
deficient I might be but I spit l so you
better like
me I don't want to waste my time with
the B
I everything is fire you sh in the
sky I want
to I
[Music]
mean it's just
uh get [__] sexy get [__]
[Music]
I don't think people realize that this
this
song right
[Music]
you guys know that this is this right
[Applause]
[Music]
and then I also sing It's Raining
Tacos raining
[Music]
tacos from out of the
sky no need to ask why just open your
mouth and
close your
eyes it's
raining wait and then also this one
[Music]
is this one is just this
I love this part where is
[Music]
this you're on a Snowy
Mountain and that's where you see the
suicide shape
[Music]
this
[Applause]
one that's what this is
what's your genuine opion opinion on
Martin Garrick do you want me to show
you what my genuine opinion on Martin
Garrick is
here's a review I left on
animals it's a five out of five stars
review I will die in a hill for the song
sorry it's fun well-engineered floor
shaking dance music Animals was honestly
Forward Thinking and interesting in the
context of the EDM space in 2013 The
Melodies are iconic and infectious and
the tambal focus to elevate elements
that are in isolation just makes it so
satisfying to listen to the big room
house trends that followed in its a wake
are questionable at best especially
because a lot of inspired artists forgot
to make anything but the drops gripping
but my beloved DJ goober the animal King
of the universe Marton Garten who makes
big bangs for a long time remembered
that it's okay to make all the parts of
your EDM Banger fun and engaging don't
skip to the drop enjoy the whole thing I
love it a
lot um that said my answer is I love
Martin Garrick and I will die on a hill
for Martin Garrick for the rest of my
life and that is not a joke in case
you're in case you're
wondering so
yeah the quick scope here is here Noob
after I choked on like five matches
yep I like the newer Martin Garrick
stuff too I even like the the the what
is it how does it go it's like
[Music]
the I even like that one I don't give a
[__] it's great people just hate
fun people just hate music that's fun
it's time to stop hating music that's
fun
okay it's almost 8 a.m. for me I think
the time to sleep has come for me cuz I
haven't slept
yet
so thanks everyone for
coming and uh I'm still sick next time
when I'm not sick
we're going to play some more disco
Alum remember to listen to feathers
music and uh I'm about to really quickly
I'm going to go I'm going to link
her her album her her in my mind album
so everyone should go byy the in her in
in My Mind album hold
on everyone go byy this
wait everyone and go by
this right
now it's uh it's the bus
man and uh as we exit I'll hit hit you
with the uh fishy might tell you this is
a tomato
[Applause]
land fishy might tell you this is a
tomato this Kitty becomes the new
balloon champion
I'm this
KY balloon champion
[Music]
h